Add softfix.yml (#14341)
mixxxdj/mixxx: CONTRIBUTING.md

  This can also be used to separate logic changes and autoformatting into two subsequent commits. Using the SKIP environment variable is preferable to using `git commit --no-verify` (which also disables the checks) because it won't prevent catching other, unrelated issues.

* Generally, prefer merging over rebasing. Do not rebase unless you have discussed that with whoever is reviewing the pull request. When you rebase a branch with an open pull request, it is no longer possible to distinguish your latest changes from already reviewed parts, resulting in unnecessary extra work for the reviewer. Comments made directly to a single commit will be lost. Rebased commits are likely not tested and there is a risk that building fails in a later `git bisect` run. If you want to correct minor mistakes with a rebase within a few minutes of pushing commits, that is okay as long as no one has started reviewing those commits yet. A `git commit --amend` is possible at any time as long the commit has the limited scope of one topic.

> * If you plan to rebase your branch before merge to eliminate forth and back commits or such, you can commit them with "!fixup" a the first word in the commit message. This prevents mergeing to upstream before the rebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you plan to rebase your branch before merge to eliminate forth and back commits or such, you can commit them with the --fixup option or manually add "fixup!" as the first word in the commit message. This prevents mergeing to upstream before the rebase.
```

* If there is disagreement about changes in a pull request, do not merge it until a consensus has been reached.
* Check CI to ensure builds work and tests pass before merging. If CI timed out, either manually restart it or build the branch and run the tests locally before merging.
* When you merge a pull request to a stable branch, merge the stable branch to the beta branch afterwards. If you merge a pull request to a beta branch, merge the beta branch to `main` afterwards. When backporting, cherry-pick or rebase rather than merge.

> * Merge PRs using a merge, to keep the original commits valid. Keep the default commit message "Merge pull request ..." with the reference to the pull request. In case where the PR contains broken (non-building) commits, back-and-forth commits or commits without a meaningful commit message that are not worth keeping, ask the author to squash the commits before merge. Alternatively you may ask the contributor to check "Allow edits and access to secrets by maintainers". Than you can squash locally or use the `/softfix` comment to squash remotely. See [Softfix](https://github.com/daschuer/softfix/?tab=readme-ov-file#softfix-a-pull-request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Merge PRs using a merge, to keep the original commits valid. Keep the default commit message "Merge pull request ..." with the reference to the pull request. In case where the PR contains broken (non-building) commits, back-and-forth commits or commits without a meaningful commit message that are not worth keeping, ask the author to squash the commits before merge. Alternatively you may ask the contributor to check "Allow edits and access to secrets by maintainers". Then you can squash locally or use the `/softfix` comment to squash remotely. See [Softfix](https://github.com/daschuer/softfix/?tab=readme-ov-file#softfix-a-pull-request)
```
